c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.pdb
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.xml
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Inicio.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.dll.mdb
