c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Droid.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Droid.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Geolocalizacion.apk
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Geolocalizacion-Signed.apk
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Droid.dll
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Droid.pdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Geolocalizacion.Geolocalizacion.apk
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.Android.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.xml
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\obj\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Alumno\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion\Geolocalizacion.Droid\bin\Debug\Geolocalizacion.Droid.dll.mdb
